docs: add generic and macos-specific build instructions (#52)
emqx/emqttb: README.adoc

emqttb --grafana ...
----

== Build and run locally

Requirements:

* https://www.erlang.org/[Erlang/OTP 24+]
* https://rebar3.org/[rebar3]
* make
* cmake (for quicer)

> * tools for building docs
> ** asciidoctor (lee dependency)
> ** xsltproc
> ** docbook-xsl
> ** java (jre is enough)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to build HTML documentation and manpages, it's necessary to install the following tools:
** asciidoctor (lee dependency)
** xsltproc
** docbook-xsl
** java (jre is enough)

This can be omitted by running `export CAN_BUILD_DOCS=false`.
```
